u are req to use investigativetechqniues to carry out ur own digi fornc exam ain and analysis of the firenscis image provided as oart of this asseseen=my 
this image represents a copy of a signle hard dis that swas seized dueing an inveistigation, u should treat its as a genione digi evidence just as u would in a real foren case. u can assume that all neceassay procudes to do are alredy done. 
the md5 and sha1 hash is given
u are expected to carefully examine the evidence to unconver any info  u are expected to use appropi=riate tools justify ur choices and explain u =r reasoning thoruoghouyt

q1
for the image, u are req to use ftk imager and have to verify thr disk image . u have to include all streps to verify and sscresnhots

q2
u have to exract the registry files and do analysis using registry softewares like preg explorer/viewer and answer the folloe
what is the computer name of the system
2 identift yhe os and provided etails in follows
a product name 
b version
c build no
d registered owner
e install date
f system root
3 what is the last logged in user name
4 list all users acc in sys table format
a username 
b rid
c admistrator tru or flase
d login count
e password hint
f last login
5identify the system tme zone settings state the registry key path and wxplain why timezone info is significant in forensics

q3u are required to answer all 
1 analyse email artefacts and identify any comm that may indicate sus activity
include full email content sender/recv details, timestamps, and atatachments, procive a wirttin explaination of why email is consdi sus
2 examine installed programs and identify any tools that coidl be used for ncryption or data hiding. for each tool exaplin its purpose
3 anylse the web browsing history and identify thr most sus search along with its timestamp.
4 examine the recycle bin and identify the deleted fiels relevant to the investigation include original file paths deleteion timestamps and file sized.
5 identify recently access docs and determine which files appears most sus. justify
6 examine the users desktop and identify ant doc which appears most sus. justify
7 examine the files in the desktop docs and wonloads folders. identify any doc tht indicates intent or awareness of onvestigation and explain findings.
8 using autopsy image gallery and file type filetering, examine all imgaes and media fie=le present on the system. identify any images or videos that appear sus, hidden or password protectd . for each sus file provide its full filepatha nd file nae, file size and mime type, created modif, accessed timestamps(mac time) and md5 hash
discuss wheater any files have had their ext changed to disguide their tru file typye.
9locate and examine windows [refetch files(c/windows/prefetch) using autopsy.n for each file found provede its app name and prefetch filename, run count, last run timestamps, files and dir 
identify any prefetch entires linked to programs found elsewhere in the investigation. explain how prefetch evidence proves exeexuction even if the original file has ben dleted.
10 outline youtr own conclusion of ur forences investigation based on your findigsns. u should also define what type of crimmes u believe your investigation is linked to if any